[Term Entry] added .before() for Calendar class of Java (#3022)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/before/before.md

---
Title: '.before()'

> Description: 'Checks if time given by one Calendar instance is before the time given by another Calendar instance.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a boolean based on the whether one Calendar instance is before the other given instance.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Calendar'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.before()`** method of the `Calendar` class is used to check if the time given by one Calendar instance is before the time given by another Calendar instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.before()`** method of the `Calendar` class is used to check if one `Calendar` instance is before another.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
myCalendar.before(otherCalendar)
```

Returns `true` if the time given by `myCalendar` is before the time given by `otherCalendar`, `false` otherwise.

> > **Note:** The `.before` method returns `false` if the two `Calendar` instances represent the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `.before()` method returns `false` if the two `Calendar` instances represent the same time.
```

## Example

> In the example below, two `Calendar` instances are created. The first represents the current date and time, the second represents the current date and time plus two hours. The `.before` method is used to check if the `myCalendar` object is before the `otherCalendar` object. The method is also used to check if the `myCalendar` object is before itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, two `Calendar` instances are created. The first represents the current date and time, the second represents the current date and time plus two hours. The `.before()` method is used to check if the `myCalendar` object is before the `otherCalendar` object. The method is also used to check if the `myCalendar` object is before itself.
```
